Add FAQ entry to discuss executor task concurrency configuration [skip ci] (#4692)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/FAQ.md

cannot be done on the GPU, like complex UDFs, the more tasks you have the more CPU processing you
can throw at it.

### How are `spark.executor.cores`, `spark.task.resource.gpu.amount`, and `spark.rapids.sql.concurrentGpuTasks` related?

The `spark.executor.cores` and `spark.task.resource.gpu.amount` configuration settings are inputs

> to the Spark task scheduler and control the maximum number of tasks that can execute concurrently
> on an executor, regardless of whether they are running CPU or GPU code at any point in time. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the Spark task scheduler and control the maximum number of tasks that can be run concurrently
on an executor, regardless of whether they are running CPU or GPU code at any point in time. See
```
